you saw the advantages and the basic idea
behind your current neural networks.
RNNs might seem like
complicated structures, but
as you will see, their computations
are actually pretty straight forward.
I'll show you how plain RNNs propagates
information through time within
a sequence of variables, as well as
how they make sequential predictions.
You'll get familiar with the math
behind basic recurrent units,
to prepare you to implement
forward propagation in RNN.
Take a look at this plain or vanilla RNN,
it has too many architecture.
So at each side step it takes an X,
a hidden states H and
makes a prediction Y hat.
Additionally, it propagates in new
hidden state to the next time step.
The hidden states at every time T,
is computed with an activation function G,
with arguments equal to the products
between a premature matrix W,
subscript H and the previous hidden
states H, superscript T minus 1.
These are concatenated with
the input variable X superscript T,
plus the bias term.
The complete equation looks like this,
where X superscript T and
H superscript T minus 1, are multiplied
by different parameters, and
the resulting vectors
are summed up element twice.
After computing the hidden state at time
T, it's possible to get the prediction
Y hat by using an activation function G,
with arguments equal to the product
between the head and state, and
some parameters W plus a bias trim.
These two equations together represent all
of the math behind a simple arnon, but
let's take a detailed look at the order
in which competitions are made.
Let's focus on the first
cell from the RNN.
It takes as input
the previous hidden state and
the current variable X, which might
be the first word in a sentence.
To get the current hidden states first,
you have to get the products of X and
H, superscript T sub 0 with
the respective parameters,
and then sum the vector's element twice.
Next, pass the resulting vector
through an excavation function,
with the resulting value you
can compute the current Y hat.
Now by multiplying the current hidden
state, with a set of learnable
parameters W subscript YH, and
going through another excavation function.
In the literature related to RNN
you'll find similar diagrams to
what you see here,
which show the order of computation,
and how information is propagated
within a recurrent unit.
It is important for you to take away that
hidden states are the variables that allow
RNNs to propagate
information through time, or
in other words through different
positions within the sequence.
As you saw at every step,
recurrent units have two inputs.
You now know the feet forward equations
and the cost function for an RNN.
In the next video, I'll show you how
the cost function for the RNN works